hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really good I hope
you're all well safe and creating your
families too
in today's video I'm going to be
bringing through a lower-body at-home
workout
glute focus that you don't need any
equipment for all you need it's like a
little bit of space you know be careful
where you choose because you know you
don't really like break anything but I'm
doing it from inside in my kitchen today
I did actually do workout yesterday
outside which is quite nice bears
absolutely right that given our
situation right now you know I think one
way of keeping mentally sane as well as
like physically well is just to keep
active and there's so many home workouts
where you can get a really good pump on
by no means am I saying that this is
like a muscle building workout because
you do need some resistance for that
weight would be brilliant
I've ordered myself some our boss
weights which have been great so far
really reasonably priced so I'll leave
like the links that below not sponsored
and they do like same-day delivery as
well if they're not sold out but
alternatively you could you shoes like
let you just grab it in from your
cupboard but I haven't got a candle over
here douchey is something like this it's
like a candle you could do so many
workouts just with a little bit of
waiting right now just get creative and
stay active working out is like therapy
for me as well so I think it's very
important for today's workout I'm gonna
do it in my mr. kit
kind of format and I'm just using this
free app on my phone called what into a
timer where you can just like set your
time this and it gives you a little
balance so if it's just really easy
rather than like count it I'm gonna do 6
rounds of 30 seconds on do next 5-10
seconds in between each set this is
quite intense sorry see do what suits
you like you could do anywhere from like
four four rounds to six rounds being
quite intense
you aren't in complete quarantine
conditions where you're like ill with
the virus then I'd really recommend also
getting out like get out on a walk into
the countryside and nearby you I did
this last week and it's really nice just
to go out in the fresh air and try to
take your work outside outside as much
as you can if the weather's nice where
you are
gets right into the work I'd really
appreciate it if you could like this
video it really helps my channel when
you working at home I do think you need
to fire yourself up so make sure you set
yourself like a routine so like try and
work at the same time every day I think
it just makes it a lot easier and like I
just carried on my routine Bobby I'm
just doing it from home so I've got the
pre-workout like after you guys know
this is a must so I'd recommend having
some form of caffeine to give yourself
an extra boost to get a good playlist on
[Music]
[Applause]
so I really enjoyed that
I remember try six Browns that is killer
I think it sort of jumping about and
make sure you put your heating off at
home because I've made that mistake I
feel like I'm melting right now it's so
warm here I'm going to take the rest of
my rounds outside even though it's
raining but yeah I really enjoyed it if
you aren't ready don't forget to like
this video and subscribe down below and
let me know what other videos you'd like
to see next over on my channel I hope
you're keeping really well packed with
guys keep positive I'll see you guys in
the next video
[Music]